->What is Flutter?
Flutter is an open source software development kit (SDK) UI used for cross-platform applications 
from a single codebase. 
Flutter is primarily used for creating natively compiled, multi-platform applications across iOS 
and Android seamlessly.


->What is Dart?
Dart is a general-purpose, object-oriented programming language that was initially developed by 
Google in 2011. 
It is designed to be fast, efficient, and scalable, making it ideal for building a wide range of 
applications, including web and mobile apps, server-side applications, and command-line tools.

->Flutter is developed by which company?
Google

->What was the first version of Flutter which ran on an Android operating system?
Sky is the first version of Flutter which ran on Android OS. It was announced at the 2015 Dart developer summit 
with the stated goal of being able to render consistently at 120 frames per second.

->what are the four main elements of Flutter?
The four main elements of Flutter are:
Flutter engine
Widgets
Design-specific widgets
Foundation Library

->what are the four main elements of Flutter?
The four main elements of Flutter are:
Flutter engine
Widgets
Design-specific widgets
Foundation Library

->Flutter is written in which language?
Flutter was written in the Dart language. While writing and debugging an application, 
Flutter runs in the Dart virtual machine, which features a just-in-time execution engine.

->What does the acronym SDK stand for?
Software Development Kit is a set of software tools and programs provided by software and 
hardware vendors that developers can use to develop applications for specific platforms. 
An SDK helps developers easily integrate their apps with a vendor's services. SDKs can include 
APIs (Application Programming Interfaces), sample code, documentation, and other resources that 
help developers create software applications.

->name some best editors for Flutter development?
Some popular IDEs (Integrated Development Environment) for Flutter include the following:
Android Studio -IntelliJ Idea - Emac  -  Visual Studio -  Codemagic

->how many kinds of widgets there are in Flutter?
There are two main types of widgets in Flutter. These include:
StatelessWidget- It does not have any state information. It is static throughout its lifecycle. 
Examples are Row, Text, Column, and Container.
StatefulWidget- It has state information. It contains two classes: the state object and the Widget.
It is dynamic because it can change the inner data during the Widget's lifetime. 
Examples are Radio, Form, Checkbox, and TextField.

->Name the different types of build modes in Flutter.
There are three types of build modes in Flutter. These include:
Debug- It is used to test the apps. On Android Studio, you can find a green 
play button on the top panel.
“Flutter run”
Profile- In this mode, some debugging ability is maintained - enough to profile 
your app's performance, and also, it has the performance as the release mode.
“Flutter run -- profile”
Release- It is used for deploying the app on marketplaces.
“Flutter run - - release”

->Name some popular apps that use Flutter.
Some of the most popular apps that employ Flutter include:
Google Ads
Hamilton
KlasterMe
Reflectly

-> which function compiles and updates the app?
In Flutter, there are several functions and commands that can be used to 
compile and update the app. However, the most commonly used function for 
this purpose is hot reload.
hot reload is a development feature in Flutter that allows you to update 
your app's code in real-time, without restarting the entire app.

-> which function is accountable for starting the program?
main () function is used to start a program. This function is highly critical
as, without it, one cannot write any function.
	
->state a few examples of stateless widget?
Some examples of a stateless widget include the following:
Text - This displays a string of text with a single style.
Container: This widget can contain other widgets and provide padding, margins, 
and other layout properties.
Icon - This is used for the list of available material icons that can be used with this class.


->What is used to import packages for your project?
pubspec.yaml file is used to import packages in the Dart code. It allows us
to set the constraints for the application. This file contains project dependencies, general 
project settings, and project assets.



->Why is Flutter preferred over other mobile app developing tools?
Flutter is preferred over other mobile app development tools like Java 
and React Native due to a myriad of reasons. A few of them are:
Flutter supports cross-platform development
Programming in Flutter is extremely easy and flexible
The building process in Flutter is much faster than that in all its competitors

->What are packages and plugins in Flutter?
A package is a set of classes, interfaces, and sub-packages that allow users to 
create modular code that can be shared easily. Instead of starting from scratch, 
using packages can help construct applications fast. In Flutter, you may use a 
package to add new widgets or functionality to an app.
On the other hand, a plugin is a piece of software that enhances your app's 
functionality. Plugins play a crucial role in the Flutter ecosystem.

->What are the limitations of Flutter?
Since Flutter is still a relatively new tool, it has some limitations. They are as follows:
The number of third-party libraries is very small
The release size of Flutter is larger than expected
Flutter requires to be used along with another OOP language, Dart which cannot compete
with other OOP languages such as Java, C#
Due to Flutter’s limited complexity, mobile ad platforms do not support it
Flutter is still not used by a wide audience

->Why does it generally take a long time to develop a Flutter app?
Because Flutter generates a device-specific IPA or APK file, building a Flutter
application takes substantially longer the first time. This method, which normally takes a 
long time, uses Xcode and Gradle to build a file.


->What is pubspec.yaml file?
While creating a Flutter project, a particular type of file is always included 
at the top of the project. This file contains information about a project's dependencies,
such as packages and their versions, typefaces, and so on. It ensures that the package 
version is the same the next time you create the project. You can also place restrictions 
on the app. This project's configuration file will be used a lot while working with the Flutter 
project. This specification is written in YAML, a human-readable markup language.


->What’s the use of Navigation.push in Flutter?
The role of Navigation.push in Flutter is to add a route to a bundle of other routes which are managed by the navigator.


->What's the role of BuildContext in Flutter?
In Flutter, the BuildContext is an object that provides access to the location of a widget in 
the widget tree hierarchy and to various services such as Theme, MediaQuery, and Navigator. 
The BuildContext is used by widgets to access the properties of their parent widget, such as 
its size, position, and theme. It is is also used to navigate between screens using the Navigator widget.


-> which class is responsible for implementing the basic material design visual layout structure
for an app in Flutter?
The scaffold class is a widget in Flutter that is used to implement the basic material design 
visual layout structure. The scaffold class makes it faster to create a general-purpose mobile 
application. Moreover, it contains almost everything we need to create a functional and responsive Flutter application




->What’s the core of the Flutter layout mechanism?
The main core of the Flutter layout mechanism is the Widgets. The widgets are the building blocks
of the user interface, and they are arranged in a tree-like structure known as the widget tree. 
The image, text, icon, and even the layout of your application are all widgets.


->Which widget can be used to display one after another in scroll format?
The ListView Widget is used to display a large number of items as a scrollable list. ListView is 
an advanced version of the Column widget that automatically provides scrolling when the list of 
items won’t fit on the screen.




->Is Flutter a front-end framework or back-end?
Flutter is primarily a front-end framework. It provides tools and widgets to build beautiful and
engaging user interfaces, and it supports various platforms such as iOS, Android, and the web. 
However, the framework does provide some back-end functionalities. Flutter applications can communicate with web APIs or connect to backend services through third-party packages or plugins.




